you can definitely have a situation
where
GDP is rising and people's lives are
getting worse 100 you can have that and
I think that is I mean GDP now is much
higher than it was 50 60 years ago but
in many ways people's lives are worse
they were six years ago they work longer
hours
they have much less Leisure Time in many
cases they're squeezed into smaller
housing they're much more financially
insecure some things have gone better of
course you know there's been
technological advancements you know
holidays to Asia are cheaper and a lot
of white goods are cheaper you know
obviously we have computing power we
didn't have back then but you know in
terms of Financial Security you know I
look at my dad with no Advanced
education and you know God bless you Dad
no particular marketable skills he was
able to buy a house and raise a family
you know nowadays you have people
who are homeless doing that kind of job
you know what I mean you know so I think
in many ways life has gotten worse